Fan Yueying
all your life
Can't escape
the palm of my hand
I will withdraw my capital now
Just want you
sober up
without me
you are nothing
you do this
Just thinking
let me marry you
tell you
Absolutely impossible
Don't force me
United Jiangcheng's
Other families suppress you
Let me be in Jiangcheng
Not at all
A foothold
you dare
remove
news now
Congratulations on the news now
success for girls
Spend 500 million yuan
50 million rebates have been received
It seems
I helped Fan Yueying pay back the money
Already arrived
next time
Gotta let her
Wait for me well
Don't I dare?
Why shouldn't I
Mr. Fan
good news
Great news
Just now
There is Mr. Lin
Pay off the coupon for us
worth 500 million
Which Mr. Lin
my man
Spend some money on your woman
Isn't it normal?
Your man
It's that Lin Yang
you
·Baby
It's really a baby
OK
So what
Have you thought clearly?
In Jiangcheng
Only the Zhao family and the Fan family
They are two very well-matched families.
Even if
That little cutie named Lin
He has a few small coins
So what
in the mall
What is the fight for?
It's connections
Does he have any connections?
My man has it
You
mom
precious
male
Don't even think about it in this life
you this person
You go out
The Imperial Group doesn't welcome you
Don't forget
Is your mother still here?
What about Fan's Nursing Home?
There is no Zhao family to support you
Your brother Fan Jian
won't let her
Survive three days